[DOCS-11870] Add reamp instructions for Splunk HEC source and DD destination (#31413)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/observability_pipelines/guide/remap_reserved_attributes.md

## Remap source and service attributes when using the Splunk HEC source and Datadog destination

Follow the instructions in this section to remap the `source` and/or `service` values if you are using a Splunk HEC source and Datadog destination. You must follow these instructions to remap those attributes because:

 - Splunk's `service` is what Datadog calls the `source` attribute.
 - Splunk's `sourcetype` is what Datadog calls the `ddsource` attribute.

**Note**: If you want to remap other reserved attributes, such as `env` and `hostname`, follow the [Remap the value of reserved attributes](#remap-the-value-of-reserved-attributes) instructions.

You can use the [Custom Processor](#remap-service-and-source-attributes-using-the-custom-processor) or [Edit Fields](#remap-service-and-source-attributes-using-edit-fields) to:

1. Remap the input log's `service` field to the `source` field name.
1. Remap the input log's `source` field to the `ddsource` field name.

### Remap service and source attributes using the Custom Processor

This is an example input log from the Splunk HEC source:

```json
{
  "service": "wrongService"
  "source": "wrongSource"
}
```

> If these are the correct values you want for the log sent to Datadog:
> 
> ```json
> {
>   "ddsource": "akamai",
>   "source": "cdn-logs"
> }
> ```

Reviewer: Nit: I think this could be easier to follow as a simple statement rather than a conditional "If" phrase, which feels like an incomplete fragment and requires the reader to follow its logic across several lines. Maybe something more like:
```suggestion
Assume these are the correct values you want for the log sent to Datadog:

```json
{
  "ddsource": "akamai",
  "source": "cdn-logs"
}
```
```

Use this Custom Processor script to remap the `service` and `source` to the correct values:

```json
  .source = "cdn-logs"
  .ddsource = "akamai"
  del(.service)
```

After processing the log with the script, the output shows:

```json
{
  "ddsource": "akamai",
  "source": "cdn-logs"
}
```

In the below example image, the input shows `source` and `service` with the value `wrongstatus`. After processing the log with the script, the correct values are shown.

{{< img src="observability_pipelines/guide/remap_attributes/custom_processor_splunkhec_dd.png" alt="A custom processor showing an input the incorrect status value and the output showing the correct status" style="width:100%;" >}}

### Remap service and source attributes using Edit Fields

This is example input log from the Splunk HEC source:

```json
{
  "service": "wrongService"
  "source": "wrongSource"
}
```

> If these are the correct values you want for the log sent to Datadog:

Reviewer: Similar to above:
```suggestion
Assume these are the correct values you want for the log sent to Datadog:
```

Author: Awesome, thanks for the suggestion!
